Guess who's got a bunch of data and two
thumbs? This guy. Yes, it's me, Rand,
and I'm back with a whole bunch of crazy
awesome new data about search and AI
usage. Uh this is in the United States
thanks to Datos. And we're able to see
uh data that that does something I am
very excited about. In particular, I
want to show you this graph. Well,
there's a whole bunch of graphs I want
to show you, but this one which is
looking at whether people are using
search engines less than they used to.
So, we have like this heavy usage
cohort. You see at the top 10 or more
visits like like this, right? So, a 85%
of all search users, traditional search
users are heavy users. They use it
Google, Yahoo, Bing, Duck. Go 10 or more
times a month. Look at AI. AI is
absolutely growing its share of heavy
users, but it also has a huge proportion
of of non-users, people who visit zero
times. They don't visit any of these
major AI tools. This data and a whole
bunch more about whether search is
declining while AI grows, about the
shrinking growth rate of AI tool
adoption,
uh comparing the percent of users over
time with the two cohorts and looking at
that. All of this data is in a new
report that I've just launched tonight.
Well, this morning uh and I encourage
you to check it out. It has some
extraordinary data. And then right after
this report comes out, I am doing a
webinar with uh Eli Goodman from Datos
about our Q2 state of search report and
the data from this report as well. Trust
me, you're going to want these charts,
graphs, data, and I hope I'll see you on
the webinar as well. I'll put the link
uh to the blog post below.